DBZ-4461 Add documentation for postgres bytea_output (#3080)
debezium/debezium: documentation/modules/ROOT/pages/connectors/postgresql.adoc

|`BYTES` or `STRING`
|n/a +
 +

> Either the raw bytes (the default), a base64-encoded string, or a hex-encoded string, based on the connector's {link-prefix}:{link-postgresql-connector}#postgresql-property-binary-handling-mode[binary handling mode] setting. +

Reviewer: Could you use this link style, we're in the process of phasing out the other one:

```suggestion
Either the raw bytes (the default), a base64-encoded string, or a hex-encoded string, based on the connector's xref:postgresql-property-binary-handling-mode[binary handling mode] setting. +
```

Author: Updated!

 +

> Debezium only supports Postgres `bytea_output` configuration of value `hex`.

Reviewer: Could you add a link to the PG docs discussing this option?

Author: Updated!
